Newly Admitted Students | UIC Admissions
Explore UIC
Visit Virtually
Apply
S
Search Input
Submit
M
Newly Admitted Students
Home
Undergraduate
Application Process
You are here
Home
Undergraduate
Application Process
You are here
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic UIC continues to accept undergraduate first-year and transfer applications for the Fall 2020 semester.
Congratulations
Get ready for the adventure of a lifetime.
Life as a University of Illinois at Chicago student means being part of a vibrant academic community in one of the world's great cities. The opportunities and challenges you'll encounter will allow you to grow and learn in ways you haven't yet imagined. We're pleased to welcome you to the UIC family and want to make your transition to UIC as straightforward as possible.
First-year students
Next steps for admitted first-year students
Get started here
Transfer & readmission students
Next steps for admitted transfer and readmission students
Get started here
Special populations
International StudentsAdmitted international students should follow the checklist items for either first-year or transfer students, but should keep the following in mind:
I-20 processing is coordinated by the Office of International Services. OIS will send documents and notifications to the email you listed on your application. Please check your email frequently to make sure you submit any and all required information to their office to complete your I-20 processing.
If you're coming from abroad, we recommend taking advantage of pre-departure orientations offered by the U.S. Department of State's Education USA program.
Veteran StudentsVeteran students should follow the checklist items for either first-year or transfer students, but should also keep the following in mind:
Assistance with benefits coordination is available through the  Student Veteran Affairs Office.
Submission of your DD 214 to the admissions office will result in the application of educational military credit if applicable.
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs recently released two unique tools to help veterans make informed decisions about how to utilize their GI Bill benefits.
There is also the VA's "Know Before You Go" video, which features Veterans who have used their GI Bill benefits providing advice to other Veterans trying to figure out their next move.
You can view UIC's profile in the GI Bill Comparison Tool.
f
my.uic.edu
Connect with other admitted studentsTwitterFacebook
Public ArtTake a walk to see free public art on the Loop Art Tour featuring the Agora Sculpture in South Loop by Polish artist Magdalena Abakanowicz.
Game OnUIC’s Computer Science concentration in Human Centered Computing is recognized as a top 50 game design program by The Princeton Review.
Diverse & WelcomingU.S. News & World Report named UIC one of the most diverse campuses in the United States, and Campus Pride ranks UIC among the nation’s top LGBT-friendly campuses.
Strong Alumni NetworkDid you know that 1 in 10 Chicagoans with a college degree is a UIC graduate? Our alumni network is 200,000 strong!
Get InvolvedExplore hundreds of student organizations through the Campus Programs office; deejay at UIC Radio; attend or help plan dozens of educational, cultural and fun campus events; and join a fraternity or sorority.
Room With a ViewMany spaces feature gorgeous skyline views—another perk of being right in the heart of the city.
In the neighborhoodTaylor Street features classic Italian cuisine at dozens of restaurants both old and new. Don’t miss out on Italian ice from Mario’s Italian Lemonade. (Insider tip: It’s only open from May to September).
Top Health ScienceUIC is the principal educator of health professionals in Illinois, and one of only four universities in the nation with a full complement of health science programs.
Honors CollegeEnhance your UIC academic experience. Students can apply for admission to the Honors College.
We Heart TransfersUIC is one of the top destinations for transfer students in the state. Nearly 40 percent of the UIC student body began their education somewhere else.
Nursing LeadersWe educate some of the nation’s most sought-after nurses. UIC Nursing is ranked the 11th highest program in the nation by US News & World Report.
Learn & EnjoyFill your college experience with growth, learning and a lot of fun. Check out the Student Affairs website to learn how we can help make it happen.
Top DestinationUIC is one of the top destinations for international students in the Midwest, and third in the state of Illinois.
Real-World ExperienceOur close proximity to downtown—and many top businesses and organizations—gives UIC students an advantage in finding internships.
Guaranteed Professional ProgramsUIC has a program that can guarantee admission to several professional programs, including law, pharmacy and physical therapy, to select first-year students. More information at gppa.uic.edu
Cha-ching!Last year, more than 67 percent of students received some form of grant or scholarship aid.
A Big ComebackWomen’s Basketball mounted the largest turnaround in the nation (with more than 17 wins) and claimed the postseason WBI Championship.
#7 Best Value UniversitiesTimes Higher Education and the Wall Street Journal have named UIC one of very best values in the U.S.—with particular strength in environment, engagement and outcomes.
Places that InspireStudy at the University Library’s IDEA Commons, a student-centered space designed for collaborative study, technology use and research. It's open 24 hours a day, Sundays–Thursdays.
Urban OasisDid you know that UIC is home to more than 5,000 trees, 469 solar panels, five green roofs and 800 bike racks?
Conveniently LocatedInternational students have access to two major international airports, connected to campus by Chicago’s subway systems. It’s easy for UIC students to travel across the globe.
MultilingualOver one-third of our undergraduate students are multilingual with 57 different languages represented on campus.
Historically SignificantUIC's Jane Addams Hull-House Museum consists of two of the original 13 buildings of one of the world's first social settlements.
Bike FriendlyChicago has more than 200 miles of on-street, protected, buffered and shared bike lanes. We also have a bike sharing program called DIVVY that allows students to rent bikes for short periods of time so they can get around the city. news.uic.edu/need-a-ride
FAFSA HintDon’t forget to use UIC’s Financial Aid code: 001776
The Windy CityChicago is the cultural and financial hub of the American Midwest, and the third largest city in the United States.
Top DesignUIC’s Design program is ranked one of "The World’s 25 Best Design Schools” by Business Insider.
Lots of TransfersApproximately 1,600 new transfer students join UIC every fall.
$419,000That’s the value of a UIC degree over 20 years. The 2018 Payscale.com ROI Report ranks UIC in the top 11 percent of U.S. universities in annual return on investment.
Locked InYour tuition rate will not increase while you are a UIC student for up to four years.
Top 5 CountriesTop five sending countries include China, India, South Korea, Canada and Brazil.
Academic SuccessA record-high 79 student-athletes were named to the Horizon League Honor Roll in 2017, earning a 3.5 GPA or higher.
In DepthThe Social Justice Initiative Student Summer Institute consists of a six-week course, an education and experiential learning program for ten UIC undergraduates focused on deepening their understanding of social justice issues in Chicago. Students read, discuss and collectively develop a social justice project that can educate and energize the larger community.
Amenities IncludedAll rooms come fully furnished and include all basic utilities, free laundry and 24-hour security measures.
66%Nearly two-thirds of UIC students received grants or scholarships last year. That’s money that you don’t need to repay.
So Many ChoicesUIC has 15 academic colleges and offers 71 undergraduate majors and 60 undergraduate minors. Find out where you belong!
We're GrowingAn institution of growing national and international stature, UIC ranks 58th among American universities in federal research funding and 47th in funding from the National Institutes of Health. UIC is home to the nation’s largest college of medicine and five other health sciences colleges.
The Ultimate College TownChicago is a national higher education destination. Over a quarter million students are enrolled in the city’s more than 50 colleges and universities. UIC is the largest university in Chicago.
Nationally RankedUIC's Men’s Soccer won the 2017 Horizon League Regular Season Title for the first time since 2013.
Top 250 GloballyUIC is among the top 250 in the Times Higher Education World University Rankings.
Small Class SizeAt UIC, you'll enjoy a student-to-faculty ratio of 19:1, and more than 3/4 of undergraduate courses are taught by tenured faculty.
Get HiredLand a great internship or your dream job after graduation with help from the Office of Career Services.
Home at UICAlmost half the first-year class lives on campus. Students are also guaranteed housing for as long as they're enrolled.
Learn more about UICExplore the campus
My.UIC Portal
Campus Housing
Commuter Student Resource Center
Financial Aid
UnderGraduate
Graduate & Professional
Office of Admissions
Main Office
1200 West Harrison Street
Chicago, IL 60607-7161
Phone: (312) 996-4350Contact UIC Admissions
Visitors Center
1220 West Harrison Street
Chicago, IL 60607-7161
Phone: (312) 413-1726
Mailing Address
Undergraduate
Office of Undergraduate Admissions (MC 018)
University of Illinois at Chicago
1200 West Harrison Street, Suite 1100
Chicago, IL 60607-7161 Contact Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate & Professional
The graduate and professional application process is paperless. Please do not mail materials unless expressly requested.Contact Graduate and Professional Admissions
Privacy Statement
Nondiscrimination Statement
Site Map
Accessibility
Site Home
UIC Home
Login
Webmaster
Copyright © 2020 The Board of Trustees of the University of IllinoisFacebook
Twitter
YouTube
Accessibility
T
CookieSettings