Ghareeb Nawaz Restaurant
Top Skip to main content Skip to footerGhareeb Nawaz RestaurantBest Value Indian and Pakistani Dining, Carry-out and Full Catering, $1 ChaiDOORDASH
Food
Ghareeb Nawaz Full Menu
Ghareeb Nawaz Vegetarian Menu
Ghareeb Nawaz Vegan Menu
Ghareeb Nawaz Catering Menu
Directions
Reviews
Contact
773-761-5300
Main ContentOrder Food Delivery with DoorDash
Dine-in | Carry-out | Full Catering
Established 1993 | Family Owned and Operated
Seven Days 8AM to 4AM
Carry-out:  773-761-5300
See Our Full Menu HERE
#3 Chili Chicken Biryani
$5.49
Boneless grilled chicken with yogurt, curry leaves, green pepper, spices and cooked with fragrant basmati rice
#61 Butter Chicken
$5.49
Curried Butter Chicken
#91 Veggie Thali
$4.58
Served with rice, one chapati, 4 types of veggie curry, with raita, and onion
See Our Full Menu HERE
What Customers Say
5If you're on devon then you go to Ghareeb Nawaz. That's just what you do. The food is here is delicious but more importantly the portions are ridiculous. Read more...Ahson Noor (Google)5I made a larger catering order here for a dinner with my in-laws. I called a lot of places on Devon St. and they were the cheapest.  Read more...U Taug (Google)5الاكل لذيذ والاسعار رخيصه
(Delicious eating and cheap prices) Read more...عزوزي العنزي‎ (Google)5The food was nice and tasty. It came in good timing. The prices were very reasonable for the amount of food we...  Read more...Da Wu (Google)4Ghareeb Nawaz, the restaurant that turned me onto Indian food | Maddy, I am eternally in debt to you for introducing me to Ghareeb Nawaz and showing me what real, authentic Indian food tastes Read more...Cat the Critic (Blogger)4The Hindi speaking Indian in me used to think Ghareeb Nawaz meant a poor house, but now I know it translates to 'Stranger's love'... Since the food here... does give you a giant hug and its dirt cheap Read more...Chanpreet K. (Yelp)3Ghareeb Nawaz is a long-time hidden gem that offers Pakistani/Indian eats. Their menu is pretty extensive, and most are around $6 or less. It is said that the original owner wanted to offer a Read more...Hannah H. (Yelp)5Yes, it is CASH ONLY!! But so worth the trouble. It was a great find, thanks to Yelp again! And when you see a lot of Asians frequenting this place you know it's good!  We ordered 4 different dishes Read more...Lisa A. (Yelp)FooterDirections
GHAREEB NAWAZ RESTAURANT
2032 W DEVON AVENUE, CHICAGO, IL USA
Click map for directions
Parking behind restaurant
About
Carry-out:  773-761-5300
Catering For All Occasions
Seven Days 8AM to 4AM
Established 1993
Family Owned and Operated
When near UIC, please visit
Ghareeb Nawaz Express
807 W Roosevelt Road
Chicago, IL 60608
Social
FacebookGoogle+YouTubeYelp
Order Food Delivery with DoorDash
HTML Sitemap
Copyright © 2020 Ghareeb Nawaz - All Rights Reserved ·
Website by Iterative Science, Inc
·
Log in