Web Privacy Notice - EVPAA
skip to main contentMENUSearch...
Executive Vice President/Vice President for Academic Affairs
Organization
EVP\VPAA BiographyEVP\VPAA Organization ChartEVP\VPAA Directory
Academic Affairs Programs
Diversity Travel Assistance Program
Past RecipientsFrequently Asked QuestionsConfirmation TextReimbursement Instructions
Underrepresented Faculty RecruitmentWalgreen Endowed ChairsUniversity Scholars Program
Past University Scholars
President's Award Program
PAP Frequently Asked Questions
University of Illinois Transfer ScholarshipDistinguished Faculty Recruitment ProgramPresidential Initiative to Celebrate the Impact of the Arts and the HumanitiesPublic Voices Fellowship
Faculty Advisory Committee
Committee Members
Resources
Governance & RegulationHigher Education OrganizationsPolicies and ProceduresReports and RetreatsStaff Resources
RNUA
Contacts & ResourcesRNUA Schedule Guidelines for New Employees RNUA Form RetentionGuidelines for Civil Service EmployeesCOCI Policy
COCI Policy 2018Financial Conflicts of Interest in ResearchOrganizational Conflicts of Interest
Disclosures System
UPPAC
HistoryMembersMeetingsBylawsLinks
OrganizationEVP\VPAA BiographyEVP\VPAA Organization ChartEVP\VPAA DirectoryAcademic Affairs ProgramsDiversity Travel Assistance ProgramPast RecipientsFrequently Asked QuestionsConfirmation TextReimbursement InstructionsUnderrepresented Faculty RecruitmentWalgreen Endowed ChairsUniversity Scholars ProgramPast University ScholarsPresident's Award ProgramPAP Frequently Asked QuestionsUniversity of Illinois Transfer ScholarshipDistinguished Faculty Recruitment ProgramPresidential Initiative to Celebrate the Impact of the Arts and the HumanitiesPublic Voices FellowshipFaculty Advisory CommitteeCommittee MembersResourcesGovernance & RegulationHigher Education OrganizationsPolicies and ProceduresReports and RetreatsStaff ResourcesRNUAContacts & ResourcesRNUA Schedule Guidelines for New Employees RNUA Form RetentionGuidelines for Civil Service EmployeesCOCI PolicyCOCI Policy 2018Financial Conflicts of Interest in ResearchOrganizational Conflicts of InterestDisclosures SystemUPPACHistoryMembersMeetingsBylawsLinksEVPAA » Resources » Web Privacy NoticeWeb Privacy Notice
Scope
The Board of Trustees of the
University of Illinois (“University of
Illinois”), by and through its academic,
research and administrative
units and programs, owns, controls, operates and/or
maintains Web sites
under a number of domains (collectively, “University Web”).
This Web
Privacy Notice applies to all domains within University Web.
Please be aware of the University of Illinois Supplemental Privacy Notice (“Supplemental Notice”) that supplements this Web Privacy Notice. The Supplemental Notice applies generally to the provision of personal information by individuals in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. The Supplemental Notice explains how the University meets its obligations under the European Union General Data Protection Regulation with respect to such information. The Supplemental Notice can be found at https://www.vpaa.uillinois.edu/resources/web_privacy/supplemental_web_privacy_policy.
Purpose
As part of its commitment to
maintain the privacy of users of
University Web sites, the University of
Illinois has developed this
privacy notice. The notice has two purposes:
To inform users and University Web practitioners about specific privacy guidelines employed at the University of Illinois.
To notify users about the terms and conditions governing use of the University Web.
Rule on Sharing of Information
The University of Illinois uses the
University Web for business
purposes and is committed to ensuring the privacy
of personal
information. Use of the University Web is subject to all applicable
state and federal laws, as well as general University and campus
policies. It
is the University’s usual practice not to share any
personal information with
those outside the University. However, when
circumstances arise for the need to
share information gathered from its
University Web servers, the University may
share as:
authorized by law,
permitted under University and campus policies,
authorized by an approved University of Illinois contract,
clearly stated at a University Web site that such
information will be shared and the user indicates consent by providing
the information,
consent is otherwise given,
available, certain student and employee demographic
information with the University of Illinois Alumni Association, the
University of Illinois Foundation, applicant students’ high schools
and other educational institutions with questions about students
who have been admitted or earned a degree from the University, or
authorized for good cause by the Chancellor for each campus
or the Vice President for Academic Affairs of the University of
Illinois.
Exceptions to Rule
The University Web consists of
hundreds of University Web servers.
Some servers hosted by the University of
Illinois may adopt different
privacy notices as their specific needs require.
If another University
Web server has a privacy notice that is different from
this notice,
then that notice must be approved by the campus Chief Information
Officer or equivalent administrator responsible for that domain, and it
must be
posted on the site that has adopted the different notice.
However, those sites
cannot adopt a privacy notice that in any way
supersedes federal or state laws
or regulations or University or campus
policies.
Approved Departmental Privacy
Notices at the University of Illinois are located at the following sites:
Policy Resources Applicable to All Employees
https://www.uis.edu/about/explore/legal-notices/
Online Surveys and Other Information Provided by the User
In the course of using University
Web sites, a user may choose to
provide information to help the University of
Illinois serve that
user’s needs or conduct research. At any time there are
numerous online
surveys being conducted on University Web sites. Person(s)
responsible
for conducting online surveys that collect personally-identifiable
information should clearly state at the survey site the extent to which
any
information provided will be shared. Aggregate data from surveys
may be shared
with external third parties in ways that do not
compromise privacy.
Public Forums
Many units of the University of
Illinois provide chat rooms, forums,
message boards, and news groups for their
users. Any information that
is disclosed in these areas may become public
information and a user
should therefore exercise caution when deciding to
disclose one’s
personal information in such places. Chat sessions and
discussion
forums may be logged.
E-Commerce
Several sites within the University
of Illinois enable one to pay
for products or services online with a credit
card. These transactions
are commercially secure and utilize a centralized
process. For
additional details, see Section 21 of the University’s Business
and
Financial Policies and Procedures Manual (“Credit Card Sales Through
Unit
Web Sites”) at:
https://www.obfs.uillinois.edu/bfpp/section-21-merchant-card
Rules for Individuals under Thirteen Years of Age
The University of Illinois is
committed to complying fully with the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
Accordingly, if a user of the
University Web is under the age of thirteen, such
user is not
authorized to provide the University of Illinois with personally
identifying information, and the University will not use any such
information
in its database or other data collection activities. The
University appreciates
cooperation with this federally mandated
requirement. Users under the age of
thirteen and their parents or
guardians are cautioned that the collection of
personal information
volunteered by unauthorized children online or by e-mail
will be
treated the same as information given by an adult until the University
becomes aware that the user is under the age of thirteen and such
information
may be subject to public access.
Illinois Freedom of Information Act
As a state institution, the
University may be legally required under
the Illinois Freedom of Information
Act or other laws to provide
specific information, such as some electronic
correspondence sent via
the University Web. More information about the
University of Illinois’
compliance with the Illinois Freedom of Information
Act, which provides
for public access to certain documents and records of
public bodies,
can be found at:
University: https://www.uillinois.edu/foia
Server Log Information the University Gathers
University Web servers generate logs
that may contain information
about computers or devices used to access the
University Web, or about
general activity on the University Web, such as the
following:
Internet address of computer or device
Type of browser or other client application used
The operating system of the computer or device
Web pages requested
Referring Web pages
Time spent on the site
Many University Web server
administrators produce summary reports
from these logs and share that
information with University Web content
managers. University Web content
managers typically use this
information in aggregate to understand what pages
are popular, how
users are navigating to and within their site, and when their
sites are
used most frequently. The University strongly discourages the
inclusion in server logs of information that could identify individuals.
The
above Rule on Sharing of Information and the Exceptions to Rule
detail when
such associations occur.
Cookies and Login Security
Cookies are small pieces of data
stored by a Web browser on a user’s
computer. Cookies are often used to retain
information about
preferences and pages a user has visited. For example, when a
user
visits some sites on the Web, one might see a “Welcome Back” message.
The
first time one visited the site a cookie was probably stored on the
user’s
computer; when the user returns, the cookie is read again. One
can refuse to
accept cookies, one can disable cookies, and one can
remove cookies from one’s
hard drive.
Some sites require the use of
cookies in order to access the site,
such as University Web sites requiring University
credentialed
authentication. University Web servers sometimes use cookies with
Web
sites that require University of Illinois community members, such as
students, staff and faculty, to log in with their University provided
NetID and
password. University community members are normally required
to enter their
respective NetID and password when a member requests
data about himself/herself
or to ensure that the person is a member of
the University community. These
cookies are used so one will not have
to repeatedly enter user names and
passwords when one goes to different
parts of the University Web site. The
University of Illinois strongly
encourages University Web administrators to
handle the login process
through a secure connection, so the user name and
password are
encrypted between the University Web browser and the University
Web
server.
Personalized University Advertising and Promotional Materials Via Permanent Cookies and Web Beacons/Pixel
Tags
The University of Illinois may use
technologies such as permanent cookies and web beacons/pixel tags prepared by
us or our third party contractors to provide you with personalized University display
advertising and promotional material containing information about the
University and its people and programs tailored to your interests. To opt out immediately from receiving this advertising and
promotional material, click here. We may also use the
services of third parties to collect and use anonymous information about your
visits to, and interactions with, our website through the use of technologies
such as cookies to personalize advertisements and promotional materials for University
goods and services. To learn more visit the Network Advertising Initiative at
www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Transactional Versus Permanent Cookies
The University of Illinois is
committed to fully complying with the
State Agency Web Site Act (Public Act
093-117) which becomes effective
January 1, 2004. Consequently, University Web
sites may use
transactional cookies that facilitate business transactions and
may not
use permanent cookies or any other invasive tracking programs that
monitor and track University Web site viewing habits unless:
the use of permanent cookies adds value to the user otherwise not available;
there is a comprehensive online statement at the particular
University Web site where such permanent cookies or other invasive
monitoring and tracking programs are utilized that discloses:
all types of information collected at that site;
the University's use of that information; and
how the collection and use of this information adds
value to the user; and
there is a link to this comprehensive Web Privacy Notice
from that particular University Web site where such permanent
cookies or other invasive monitoring and tracking programs are utilized.
The University Policy
on Permanent Cookies can be found at https://www.vpaa.uillinois.edu/resources/cookies.
Some examples of approved notices
regarding usage of cookies can be found at https://www.vpaa.uillinois.edu/resources/cookie_examples
Social Security Numbers
University policy for the proper procedures in collecting, maintaining and
disseminating social security numbers of students, employees and individuals
associated with the University can be found online at the following locations:
http://www.ssn.uillinois.edu
http://www.obfs.uillinois.edu/bfpp/section-19
FERPA
The University of Illinois also
complies with the Family Educational
Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), which
generally prohibits the release
of student education records without student
permission. For more
details on FERPA, see the explanation at:
Chicago: http://www.uic.edu/depts/oar/campus_policies/records_policy.html
Springfield: http://www.uis.edu/registration/records/studentRecordPolicy.html
Urbana: https://registrar.illinois.edu/ferpa
However, FERPA does permit the
release of public or “directory”
information about students. Information about
suppressing the release
of “directory” information can be obtained at:
Chicago:http://www.uic.edu/depts/oar/student_records/record_confidentiality.html
Springfield: http://www.uis.edu/registration/records/studentRecordPolicy.html
Urbana: https://studentcode.illinois.edu/article3/part6/3-601/
LEGAL NOTICES OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Access to the University Web is
provided subject to the following
terms and conditions. Please read these terms
carefully as use of the
University Web constitutes acceptance of all of the
following terms and
conditions:
Disclaimer of Liability
Neither the University of Illinois,
nor any of its units, programs,
employees, agents or individual trustees, shall
be held liable for any
improper or incorrect use of the information described
and/or contained
in the University Web and assumes no responsibility for
anyone’s use
of the information. In no event shall the University Web, the
University of Illinois or its units, programs, employees, agents or
individual
trustees be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
special, exemplary, or
consequential damages (including, but not
limited to, procurement or substitute
goods or services; loss of use,
data, or profits; or business interruption)
however caused and on any
theory of liability, whether in contract, strict
liability, or tort
(including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out
of the use
of this system, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.
This
disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury, including but
not limited to those caused by any failure of performance, error,
omission,
interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or
transmission, computer
virus, communication line failure, theft or
destruction or unauthorized access
to, alteration of, or use of record,
whether for breach of contract, tortious
behavior, negligence or under
any other cause of action.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Accuracy of Data
Although the data found using the
University of Illinois’ access
systems have been produced and processed from
sources believed to be
reliable, no warranty, express or implied, is made
regarding accuracy,
adequacy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness
of any
information. This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses
of the information. The University of Illinois provides this
information on an
“as is” basis. All warranties of any kind, express or
implied, including but
not limited to the implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, freedom from
contamination by computer viruses and
non-infringement of proprietary
rights are disclaimed. Changes may be
periodically made to the
information herein; these changes may or may not be
incorporated in any
new version of the publication. If a user has obtained
information
from any of the University Web pages via a source other than the
University of Illinois pages, be aware that electronic data can be
altered
subsequent to original distribution. Data can also quickly
become out of date.
It is recommended that careful attention be paid to
the contents of any data
associated with a file, and that the
originator of the data or information be
contacted with any questions
regarding appropriate use. If a user finds any
errors or omissions,
please report them to:
Chicago campus (uic.edu): https://uic.edu/about/contact-us
Springfield campus (uis.edu): http://www.uis.edu/contact.html
Urbana campus (uiuc.edu): http://illinois.edu/resources/contact.html
System Offices (uillinois.edu): contactus@uillinois.edu
Disclaimer of Endorsement
The University of Illinois is a
distributor of content sometimes
supplied by third parties and users. Any
opinions, advice, statements,
services, offers, or other information or content
expressed or made
available by third parties, including information providers,
users, or
others, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and
do
not necessarily state or reflect those of the University of Illinois and
shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
Reference
herein to any specific commercial products, process, or
service by trade name,
trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not
constitute or imply its
endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the
University of Illinois.
Disclaimer for External Links
The University Web has links to
other Web sites. These include links
to Web sites operated by Illinois agencies
and officials, other
government agencies, nonprofit organizations and private
businesses.
When a user leaves the University Web and visits another site, the
user
is subject to the privacy policy of that new site. The University of
Illinois is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages
referenced.
The user specifically acknowledges that the University of
Illinois is not
liable for the defamatory, negligent, inaccurate,
offensive, or illegal conduct
of other users, links, or third parties
and that the risk of injury from the foregoing
rests entirely with the
user. Links from University Web pages on the World Wide
Web to other
sites do not constitute an endorsement from the University of
Illinois.
These links are provided as an information service only. It is the
responsibility of the user to evaluate the content and usefulness of
information obtained from other sites. The University Web contains links
to
other related World Wide Web sites and resources. Since the
University of
Illinois and its Web site is not responsible for the
availability of these
outside resources or their contents, the user
should direct any concerns
regarding any external link to its site
administrator or webmaster.
Disclaimer of Duty to Continue Provision of Data
Due to the dynamic nature of the
Internet, resources that are free
and publicly available one day may require a
fee or restricted access
the next, and the location of items may change as
menus, pages, and
files are reorganized. The user expressly agrees that use of
the
University Web is at the user’s sole risk. The University of Illinois
does
not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error free.
The documents
and related graphics published on this Web or server
could contain technical
inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes
are periodically added to the
information herein. The University of
Illinois and/or its respective units and
programs may make improvements
and/or changes in the information and/or
programs described herein at
any time.
Security
The technology management teams of the
University and its campuses
have taken several steps to safeguard the integrity
of its
communications and computing infrastructure, including but not limited
to authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. Security
measures have
been integrated into the design, implementation and
day-to-day practices of the
entire University operating environment as
part of its continuing commitment to
risk management.
This information should not be
construed in any way as giving
business, legal, or other advice, or warranting
as fail proof, the
security of information provided via University supported
Web sites.
Choice of Law
Construction of the disclaimers
above and resolution of disputes
thereof are governed by the laws of the State
of Illinois. The laws of
the State of Illinois, U.S.A., shall apply to all uses
of this data and
this system. By use of this system and any data contained
therein, the
user agrees that use shall conform to all applicable laws and
regulations and user shall not violate the rights of any third parties.
Questions
If a user has questions about this privacy notice or believes that the user’s
personal information has been released without consent, then send e-mail to:
Chicago: security@uic.edu
Springfield: security@uis.edu
Urbana: security@illinois.edu
System Offices: security@uillinois.edu
May 17, 2018
In this SectionResourcesGovernance & RegulationHigher Education OrganizationsPolicies and ProceduresReports and RetreatsStaff ResourcesWeb Privacy Notice
ContactExecutive Vice President's Office - Urbana
377 Henry Admin. Bldg.
506 S. Wright St., MC-348
Urbana, IL 61801
(217) 333-3077Media InquiriesContact the EVP/Vice President for Academic Affairs through the
University Relations Office. System LinksSystem Offices
Directory
Office of the President
Board of TrusteesQuick LinksFERPA Consent Form
Student Financial Services
Student Affairs: Urbana-Champaign, Chicago, Springfield
Transcripts/Diploma: Urbana-Champaign,
Chicago, Springfield
Post 9/11 GI BillThe University of Illinois System is the flagship higher education system in the state of Illinois. University of Illinois System
108 Henry Administration Bldg.
Urbana, IL 61801
infosource@uillinois.eduLocationsUrbana-ChampaignChicagoSpringfieldRegional campusesOnline CatalogUI Hospital and Health Sciences SystemPopular TopicsAbout the SystemA-to-Z contact directoryEmployment opportunitiesFreedom of Information Act requestsMake a giftNews and media resourcesSystem Offices©2020 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Privacy policy CookieSettings